docs: Design update/redeploy feature (#1459)
Flank/flank-dashboard: metrics/cli/docs/features/update/06_update_feature.md

```

In the example above, we can notice that a new `update` command has been added with its description accordingly. 
For more information on how the `update` command works, the user can call it with the `--help` option. The following snippet demonstrates the command-line user interface for this:

```bash
Usage: metrics update [arguments]
-h, --help                         Print this usage information.
    --config-file=<config.yaml>    A path to the YAML configuration file.

Run "metrics help" to see global options.
```

As we can notice, the interface for the update feature is pretty similar to other features of the Metrics CLI. Thus, since we clarified the usage, let's proceed to a deeper review of the feature structure and implementation details.

## Program
> Detailed solution description to class/method level.

The update feature implies two main actions we'd like to review in the below subsections:
- [Parsing YAML configuration file](#parsing-yaml-configuration-file)
- [Redeploy Metrics components](#redeploy-metrics-components)

### Parsing YAML configuration file

The YAML configuration file for the update feature has the following structure:

> ![Update config diagram](http://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/proxy?cache=no&fmt=svg&src=https://github.com/Flank/flank-dashboard/raw/update_feature_design/metrics/cli/docs/features/update/diagrams/update_config_yaml_diagram.puml)

Reviewer: Should we use here a simple snippet from configuration_template (without detailed documentation) as this diagram could look a bit confusing due to 2 rows layout where a reader could think that the second column somehow explains what value from the first column means? :readable:

The following class diagram demonstrates the structure of the classes required for the `YAML` config parsing process:

![Config YAML parser class diagram](http://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/proxy?cache=no&fmt=svg&src=https://github.com/Flank/flank-dashboard/raw/update_feature_design/metrics/cli/docs/features/update/diagrams/config_yaml_parser_class_diagram.puml)

### Redeploy Metrics components

The following section describes the classes required for the redeploy process.

#### UpdateCommand

The `UpdateCommand` is the `Metrics CLI` command that is responsible for the redeploying the last version of the Metrics Web Application to the Firebase using the data from the [`UpdateConfig`](#updateconfig).

The `UpdateCommand` algorithm performs the following steps:

1. Parse the YAML config.
2. Checkout the Metrics Web Application source code.
3. Build the Metrics Web Application.
4. Configure Sentry using data from the config.
5. Redeploy the Firebase components like Firestore rules and Firebase Functions using data from the config.
6. Redeploy the Metrics Web Application to the Firebase Hosting using data from the config.

> 7. Cleanup the created directories, etc.

Reviewer: It looks like that it performs less steps actually as it uses `Updater` to actually update redeploy. Should we leave here something simpler - like: "Uses Updater to ...." and then in `Updater` section specify what redeployment logic from this list is actually performed in Updater. :readable:

The following class diagram demonstrates the structure of the classes required for the `YAML` config parsing process:

![YAML config parser class diagram](http://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/proxy?cache=no&fmt=svg&src=https://github.com/Flank/flank-dashboard/raw/update_feature_design/metrics/cli/docs/features/diagrams/yaml_config_parser_class_diagram.puml)

### Redeploy process

The following section describes the classes required for the redeploy process.

#### UpdateCommand

The `UpdateCommand` is the `Metrics CLI` command that is responsible for the redeploying the last version of the Metrics Web Application to the Firebase using the data from the [`UpdateConfig`](#updateconfig).

Let's review a top-level flow of the `UpdateCommand`:

1. Parse the YAML config.
2. Build the Metrics Web Application.
3. Configure Sentry using data from the config.
4. Redeploy the Firebase components like Firestore rules and Firebase Functions using data from the config.
5. Redeploy the Metrics Web Application to the Firebase Hosting using data from the config.
6. Cleanup the created directories, etc.

#### Updater

> The `Updater` class is needed to separate the redeployment logic from the [`UpdateCommand`](#updatecommand). It has the `update` method that encapsulates the interaction with the external [`Services`](https://github.com/Flank/flank-dashboard/blob/master/metrics/cli/docs/01_metrics_cli_design.md#service) and redeploys the latest version of the Metrics Web Application to the Firebase using the `UpdateConfig`. To create an `Updater` inside the `UpdateCommand` we are using the `UpdaterFactory`. It allows us to easily tests the `UpdateCommand` and keep it SRP.

Reviewer 2: 🏷️ 
```suggestion
The `Updater` class encapsulates the redeployment logic. The `UpdateCommand` uses the `Updater` with the parsed configurations. The `Updater` has the `update` method that interacts with the external [`Services`](https://github.com/Flank/flank-dashboard/blob/master/metrics/cli/docs/01_metrics_cli_design.md#service) and redeploys the latest version of the Metrics Web Application to the Firebase using the `UpdateConfig`.

To create an `Updater`, the `UpdateCommand` uses the `UpdaterFactory`. This factory provides the `Updater` instance with all the required services and returns the ready-to-use instance to the `Updater`.
```
